Hey. Hey. nigga. is there gonna be
some pussy in this mothafucka?
Yeah. There's gonna be a gag
of hos up in this mothafucka.
I threw the shit myself. goddamn it.
Can y'all brothers
spare some change?
Hell no! Get the fuck
out of my face. fool.
Hey. man. fuck what he said.
Remember that one bitch?
- Hell yeah. nigga.
- Shit. man.
That bitch was cryin' like a mothafucka.
I heard that bitch was a tough —
Hell no. Makesha? She gonna be
at the motherfuckin' party. nigga.
- Aw. oh. I'm gonna —
- Okay. fade it.
- Hit me. though.
- Hey. she — Hey. that bitch got a body.
Hell yeah. she got a body. man.
Shit. boy. I'm gonna have to
get with her. though.
- I heard that.
- Let's see what's up in this mothafucka.
Hey. you ain't got to be creepin'.
I don't know why you tryin'
to act like you cleanin' up.
...he's having some problems.
I don't know what...
Damn. Always think we gonna
steal somethin'.
Man. what you want. dog?
I don't know.
Go ahead and give me that Old E.
- Yeah.
- I'm not gonna fuck with
- of these odds.
- Aw. no. Wait.
Aw. man. I'm from the old school. brotha.
Shit.
You are not to drink beer in store.
Hey. man. I'm gonna pay you.
Hey. look. bitch.
stop following me around this mothafucka.
You gettin' on my nerves!
You hurry up and buy.
Shut the fuck up. man.
...it was surely a double play
and the Bluebirds
would have been out of the inning.
- Just pay and leave.
- Hey. man. I said I'm gonna pay you.
Why don't you calm
your mothafuckin' nerves? Damn.
Hurry up and go.
Hey. man. why don't you go ahead
and get it.
I got your back.
Shit.
Why don't you get my change.
Hey. why don't you give
my homeboy his change?
I don't want any trouble. Just get out.
Can't stand y'all.
I feel sorry for your mother.
What you say about my mama?
- You feel sorry for who?
- I don't want any trouble! Just get out!
- What the fuck you say about my mama?
You talkin' shit?
Every time I come in this mothafucka.
you got somethin' to say.
Home run! Home run!
Yeah!
Hey. where's the mothafuckin' videotape?
Give me the mothafuckin' video.
Bring the — Give me the mothafuckin'
videotape right now.
Hey. nigga. Hey. clean
the cash register. Come on.
Shut up! Hey!
- Shut the fuck up with that noise.
- Shit.
You better shut the fuck —
I ain't playin'.
Where's the mothafuckin' tape at?
What the fuck did you do. man?
Eject this mothafucka right now.
I said eject it!
Bitch. if you don't eject it.
I'm gonna smoke you.
Hey. bitch. do it right now.
Bitch! I told your stupid ass...
- ...to shut the fuck up!
- Nigga! Hurry up!
- Hell yeah.
- Come on. man.
Let's race out. man. Damn!
- What? I can't believe this!
- Come on. move! Move!
Nigga. I thought I told you
to open the damn register.
- Thought you were down. nigga.
- Damn. man.
- Let's just go!
- How do you open this shit?
What the —
Only six mothafuckin' dollars. nigga?
I know y'all got some money
in this mothafucka somewhere.
This don't even make no damn sense. man.
- Let's go. man!
- Fuckin' real change. Goddamn lady killer.
- Dog!
- I'm gonna keep your shit. too.
- Fuck!
- Jackpot! Hell. yeah.
Give me this money here. Shit.
See. you ain't gonna talk shit now.
are you?
Where all the money at. man? Fuck that.
Nigga — Fuck that! I'm gone!
God damn...
Went into the store
just to get a beer.
Came out an accessory to murder
and armed robbery.
It was funny like that
in the hood sometimes.
You never knew
what was gonna happen or when.
After that. I knew it was gonna be
a long summer.
...at least 1.000 persons
rioted in the Watts district last night.
They attacked police with rocks.
bricks. and bottles
before some 100 officers sealed off...
...some 100 officers
sealed off the four-block area
in the vicinity of 116th Street
and Avalon Boulevard.
Four persons were arrested.
and a number of others...
...including one policeman
were injured in the melee.
The riot was touched off
when three drunk drivers...
Yes. George.
this is Arnold Miller. mobile unit three.
We're right in the center of this group...
The commander
of the California National Guard
said his troops sent into the riot area
would use whatever force was necessary...
...between police and
residents of this primarily colored area.
I'm just about a quarter of a block
from Imperial and Avalon...
...gunfire was heard
increasingly in the Negro section
during the hot. smoggy evening
as the police confronted roaming bands
of rampaging Negroes.
They are literally
surrounded by an angry crowd of Negroes.
Several hundred rioters.
It is a mob scene. George.
And they're throwing bottles. bricks.
and anything else
they can get their hands on.
taunting the police with catcalls
and obscenities.
When the riots stopped.
the drugs started.
My father sold dope.
and my mother was a heroin addict.
Moms and Pops were real popular
in the neighborhood.
They would always be having parties
for friends of theirs
who just got out of jail.
or who was on their way to jail.
They only got married 'cause I was born.
My pop sometimes worked as an electrician.
or a cab driver. or a plumber.
but his main job was selling drugs.
Sometimes. Mom would use 'em all up
before he could even sell 'em.
Then. he'd have to beat her up.
You lookin' good like a mothafucka.
Growing up with parents like that.
I heard a lot and I saw a lot.
I caught onto the criminal life
real quick.
Instead of keeping me out of trouble.
they turned me on to it.
That mothafucka got some love
up there too.
I think there were some tears of joy.
For the goat.
Well. you know. you give me the pig...
What's up. Pernell? Clyde.
Kaydee Caine. What you doin' out here?
Stop callin' me that.
Shut up. Little ol' nigga.
This party here for grown folks.
Y'all ain't grown.
We older than yo little ass.
Tat know you out here?
Nope. I snuck out.
Little bad fucka. Come here.
You goin' to get us in trouble.
What you doin'?
Now. go on and give the nigga a drink.
What the fuck is that?
What the hell you doin'. boy?
You goin' mess around and shoot all us.
Let me see it.
Wait a minute.
Let me show you how to hold it.
Caine!
Caine! What you doin' out that room?
I'm just out here playin'. Mama.
Boy. you better get yo little ass
in that room 'fore yo daddy catch you!
You hear me talkin' to you? Now!
What the hell are you...
Pernell looked out for me
when things got rough.
He taught me things.
He showed me what being
a hustler was all about.
Hi. y'all! Twenty-one!
Mothafucka!
Hey! Hey! Are y'all done yet?
- Yeah.
- Oh!
Whoa. hold up. bitch.
Let us clean off the table.
Shit. I been waitin' all day for it.
You got change for a five?
Nah. you got it. man.
Cheatin' me
out of my goddamn money.
Shit. Gonna bust that head
wide open. man.
Yeah. Yeah. I got somethin' for you.
Ho. ho. ho. ho. ho.
Say. Tat.
Yo lady here looks a little tired.
I thank Tat keepin' her up at night.
tryin' to knock the linin'
out that mothafucka.
Y'all are some bitter mothafuckas. man.
Fuck that shit.
Come on. deal the cards.
Look here. man. Now that you been
out the joint about two weeks.
don't you think it's about time
you gave me my money?
I told you I ain't have yo money yet. man.
Fuck you mean. you ain't got my money yet?
Mothafucka. everybody know you hid
the money from that robbery
before you went upstate.
I told you. mothafucka.
I ain't got you money yet. man.
What the fuck you mean
you ain't got the money. yet.
Mothafucka. you best be comin' up
with my cash or else!
You know what I'm sayin'?
Fuck you. Tat!
The fuck you think you is. man?
Mothafuckin' Ron O'Neal or somethin'?
Talkin' 'bout I better pay or else.
I ain't yo bitch. nigga.
What you goin' do?
What? What am I... What am I goin' do?
- Hey. hold up. Tat.
- Man. get the fuck out the way!
No. no. no. no. Squeeze that shit. man.
What? I'm supposed to be scared now
'cause you got a pistol. mothafucka?
I just spent five mothafuckin' years
in the joint.
I told you I'll pay yo monkey ass
when I feel like it.
Better suck my dick.
Suck on this. mothafucka.
Tat! Tat! Tat! What the fuck. man?
- What the fuck you trippin' for?
- You owe me some money. mothafucka?
Hell no. buddy. Here you go.
Hit me.
Caine.
That was the first time
- I'd ever seen my father kill anybody.
- Caine!
But it wasn't the last.
- Caine.
- I got used to it. though.
Caine.
Kaydee.
Whatever you decide to do.
remember what we learned.
And for those of you who are coming back.
I'll see you next year.
For all the bullshit
they try to teach you in high school.
I graduated with about half of it.
But then. I didn't go to school
but half the time.
The other half. I was out sellin' dope.
Growing up out here.
there was shit that couldn't be learned
in no classroom.
I just want to say...
- Yo. what's up? Is that me?
- Is that me?
Yo. What the hell you doin'?
Tryin' to ride this ol' raggedy thing.
You must want a new Big Wheel.
Yeah. 'cause this old Big Wheel
doesn't work right.
Look. I'm gonna buy you
a new one. okay?
Okay.
- All right?
- All right.
- Hi.
- 'Sup. little man? Hey. Caine.
'Sup?
Caine's gonna buy me
a new Big Wheel. Mama.
Oh. is he?
You know you don't have to
keep buyin' him stuff.
Oh. it ain't no thang.
This is my partner. right there.
- Ain't that right. little man?
- Yep.
So you finally did it. huh?
Yep. Finally done.
All right.
Aw. man. congratulations.
Hey. come on. Let's make it in the house.
Ronnie was Pernell's girl
before he went to the pen.
Anthony came right after that.
Pernell had hooked up a house
and a little money for 'em.
But I still went by to check on 'em.
My pops was killed
in a drug deal when I was ten.
And my moms was too strung out.
So I went to live with my grandparents
in Jordan Downs.
It was only supposed to be temporary.
But my moms died from an overdose.
so I just stayed.
Hey. Grandma.
Me and your grandpa
are so proud of you. Caine.
Thomas. come on out of that room.
Come on down here
and say hello to our grandson.
The Lord's grace is with you. boy.
And I want to let you know that next week.
when you get that diploma.
I'll be the proudest grandfather
in all of LA.
And I know if your mama and papa
were still alive.
they'd be proud of you too.
It's all right.
Let's dip into the cock pot. man.
Graduation night.
My homey. Doc. threw a party.
My cousin. Harold. rolled with me.
- 'Sup. nigga?
- He stayed out in Long Beach.
so we didn't hang out that much.
Now. he was a hustler.
Had a Beamer. a crib. and a fat pocket.
Whenever we were together
and some shit popped off.
I never had to worry.
He had my back. and I had his.
Man. we was down for each other like that.
All the homeys was down for each other.
Caine and Harold. 'sup?
'Sup. man. what's up?
'Sup. my nigga Caine. brotha!
Hey. man.
this is my cousin. Harold.
- What's up. mothafucka.
- What's up?
So you want to be on prime time.
mothafucka?
- What?
- I seen yo ass on prime time. nigga.
I got the tape.
I got the mothafuckin' tape.
- What?
- I told you. I told you.
- The rest of the people's in back.
- I'm after bitches.
'Sup. baby?
Get yo fucking feet off the sofa.
Yo. what's up?
Yeah!
- Yo. what's up?
- Yo. Caine.
'Sup. man?
Fuckin' nigga. what's up. dog?
- What's up. man?
- Just takin' these fools' money and shit.
- You know what's up.
- Hey. let me talk to you for a minute.
Hey. hold my mothafuckin' shit there.
Nigga. I know you ain't dumb enough
to be showin' niggas
the robbery tape. man.
- What's up with that?
- Man. cool out. nigga.
We just havin' fun
with the mothafuckin' tape.
Damn. all right.
Ain't nobody else gonna see the tape.
The shit is funny to me. though.
- Hey. man. let me get back to this shit.
- Cool. man.
- Yo. what's up. fool?
- What up. Caine. locster. nigga.
What's up? Where the bud at. fool?
Hey. nigga. watch me break
these mothafuckas right here.
Y'all 'bout to give up the snatch.
You know what I'm sayin'?
A-Wax was older
than the rest of us.
I mean. he was what we called a G.
Always in the middle of things.
Instigatin'. arguin'. fussin'.
He was funny to us.
I mean. he had been puttin' in work
for so long.
it got to a point where he just liked
to see other people do dirt.
Now. O-Dog was the craziest nigga alive.
America's nightmare.
Young. Black. and didn't give a fuck.
Do it. fool!
Aw. man. nigga crapped out.
Give me my mothafuckin' money. nigga.
- Give me my shit.
- You 'bout to get fucked up.
- Hey. man. hey. hey.
- Broke ass.
- Give me me my mothafuckin' money.
- Yo. nigga...
- 'Sup. Black man.
- Coolin'.
Man. why you got that goddamn hood
on your head lookin' like the Grim Reaper?
It's cold out here. my brother.
You know us Black folks
not used to this cold there.
We the tropical people. You understand?
Let them Europeans deal with this madness.
Then. why yo tropical ass sittin'
on the goddamn cooler?
To keep you fools from drinkin'
this poison. That's why.
Man. you better get your
Alaikum-Salaam-ass up off this box
and pass me a mothafuckin' brew.
Sharif was an ex-knucklehead
turned Muslim.
He was so happy to be
learnin' somethin' he liked.
he kept comin' at us with it.
He thought Allah could save Black people.
Yeah. right.
Yo. Caine. Toss me one. homey.
Now. Stacy thought
he was the pimp of the bunch.
I mean. we was homeys
since we were little.
He went to a different high school.
though. 'cause he could play ball.
After he got that scholarship.
he was always talkin' 'bout goin'
to Kansas to play football.
Hey. Caine. man.
I'm straight starvin'. man.
I got to get somethin' to eat. man.
I'm tellin' you.
Look. y'all niggas hurry up. man.
I'm hungrier than a mothafucka. man.
Yeah. yeah. Man. I got the munchies
like a mothafucka. boy.
Yo big ass eat too much
as it is anyway. man.
Hey.
Damn. What the fuck's goin' on
out in this mothafucka. boy?
So what y'all goin' do?
Me and Harold goin' over to Jack's.
Oh. y'all niggas goin' to
Jack in the Crack. man?
Yeah. Hell yeah. Hell yeah!
- Oh. sh —
- I'm goin' need some gas for the hooptie.
You know what I'm sayin'?
Shit. yo ass should've filled up
before we got here. stupid-ass mothafucka.
- Shut up. bitch.
- Hey. y'all gonna follow us. right?
Yeah. nigga. We know where it's at. fool.
♪... out of the ghetto
'Cause it troubles you ♪
♪ Makin' payments on the BMW ♪
♪ I know you never would settle
For the minimum snaps... ♪
Hey. what the fuck you doin'?
Come on. man.
Get the fuck outta here. man.
Get yo ass out of here.
Man. I don't need that shit. Damn.
- Hey.
- I can't stand when they do that shit.
Who got some snaps on the petrol?
- Who got some snaps on the —
- I ain't givin' you shit.
My niggas is broker than a mother —
Slingin' all that shit in the hood.
and y'all ain't got no mo' fuckin' money?
- We'll get you back.
- Fuck. Pump my shit.
Peace.
All that mothafuckin' money.
Hey. wake up. nigga.
Three dollars.
Fool.
Man. it's hot as hell.
Turn off the heater. man.
You know what I'm sayin'?
Hell yeah.
Kind of fucked up. huh?
Crazy. All I had was two forties.
- Of what?
- Two balls of iron. baby.
Yeah. you real fucked up. nigga.
- Fucked. Damn.
- I'm tired as a mothafucka.
Get yo ass up out the car. nigga.
Get the fuck out! Break yo'self. nigga!
Break yo'self.
Ain't this a bitch.
Get yo mothafuckin' ass up out the car.
All right. nigga. Chill.
Caine. get out the car. man.
I ain't goin' like a chump.
Nigga. don't make me rush you.
Get yo ass up out the car!
- Get up out the car!
- All right.
- Shoot that nigga!
- Get out!
All right. nigga. I'm comin'.
Nigga. I got you. all right.
Get your mothafuckin' ass
up out the car now! Bitch. move!
- Shoot that nigga. Junior.
- Nigga. fuck you!
- Aw. shit!
- Fuck you! Get up out the car!
Oh. shit! That's Caine!
Hey. they gettin' jacked. Come on!
- Come on. Wax.
- Shit. that's Caine and Harold.
Oh. I know that ain't my nigga. man.
- Oh. fuck!
- Hurry up! Hurry up!
- Hold on. Hold on.
- Somebody...
Shit! Damn!
- Hey. man. you all right?
- Harold's dead.
Hey. man. we gotta get him
to a doctor.
What about Harold?
Hey. man. We gotta do that shit
another time.
We just can't leave Harold here like this.
Come on. Let's go. let's go.
Come on. man. We can't leave him here
like this. It's not right.
- It's not right!
- Hey. Sharif. that mothafucka's dead!
He's dead. man! Fuck that! Let's go!
- Stacy. Stacy. Help me get him in the car.
- I can't. man.
I got Caine.
Stacy. A-Wax.
Help me get him in the car. man!
Sharif. come on. man!
It ain't right. okay?
- Fuck. you stay with him then.
- I'm stayin'. punk. I'm stayin'.
He's bleeding!
Where's the doctor? Where's the doctor at?
Yo. give us a mothafuckin' doctor!
You have to fill out... these forms first.
Bitch! Fuck the forms! We need a doctor.
He's bleedin' to death over there.
Just take your ass back there
and find us a doctor! Look at him.
- He's bleedin'.
- Get a fuckin' doctor right now!
- He needs a doctor!
- He need a doctor!
A week out of high school.
and I got blasted in the shoulder.
I went into shock
when I saw all that damn blood.
I mean. I ain't never been shot before.
so I thought I was gonna die.
They kept me in the hospital a week or so.
I mostly stayed up
thinkin' about my cousin.
and watchin' old gangster movies.
I've gotta see some identification.
How about my army discharge?
I've got it right here.
What you doin' here?
Are you surprised.
or is it that you don't want to see me?
No. I just thought
my grandparents were gonna come
pick me up.
Well...
I told 'em they didn't have to.
I told 'em I would come get you.
and they could stay home and relax.
And your grandmother gave me your clothes
to give to you.
Aw. shit.
First. I get shot.
then you gonna drive me home?
Somebody must want me to die.
Are you tryin' to say
I can't drive?
Yo. Rashid! Rashid. hold up!
Richard. have you seen my wife?
Merry Christmas. Daddy!
Kids! Hey! Uh-oh!
Kids! Janie! Janie! Tommy!
Let me look at you.
- Where's your mother?
- She went looking for you.
- With Uncle Billy.
- Daddy!
Zuzu! Zuzu. my little gingersnap!
How do you feel?
- Fine! Not a smidge of temperature.
- Not a smidge of temp —
Hallelujah!
George!
George. darling. Where have you —
George. darling!
Oh. what's up. O?
- What's goin' on. big boy?
- Just chillin'. man.
Hey. man. you gonna come out today.
or what?
- Yeah.
- All right.
I'm gonna be in the front
if y'all need me.
Kaydee. Kevin. Come on inside.
Yeah. you come over here
and sit right there on the couch.
Hey. y'all.
Well. I guess I better let y'all talk.
Now. what I want to talk to you two about
is the trouble
that you've been getting into.
Boys. the Lord didn't put you here
to be shooting and killing each other.
It's right there in the Bible.
Exodus 20:13. "Thou shalt not kill."
Grandpa. I ain't never killed nobody.
Oh. I doubt that.
And Kevin. I've heard stories about you.
Sir. I don't think God really
cares too much about us.
or he wouldn't have put us here.
I mean. look where we stay at.
It's all fucked —
It's messed up around here.
You don't have any belief. boy.
The Lord don't care about
who's got the biggest house.
My grandpops was always
comin' at us with that religion.
And every time. it would go
in one ear and out the other.
Caine! Do you care
whether you live or die?
I don't know.
Come on. man. Let's bail. Come on.
Boy. oh boy. man. Shit.
Sorry about that. man.
I mean. Grandpops can get carried away
with that Bible and shit.
He be in church every Sunday. huh?
Faithfully. I mean. sittin' there prayin'
to a white Jesus.
Shit. Man. Black people got too much
damn religion as it is. man.
That's what I'm sayin'.
Hey. but anyway.
what's up on the shoulder. boy?
Aw. it's fucked up. but it ain't no thang.
You know what I'm sayin'?
Aw. but that ain't what you was hollerin'
on the way to the hospital.
Hey. you was. "Oh! Oh!"
Hey. you was soundin'
like a little bitch. man.
Aw. man. fuck you. man.
That shit did hurt.
And you fools swear y'all so damn hard.
I heard that shit.
- What?
- "Stay up. Caine!"
- Who. who?
- "Don't die!"
Shit. nigga. that wasn't me.
Tryin' to act all carin' and sensitive.
Yeah. that was you.
We still mad at you
for droppin' all that blood on us. man.
Man. fuck y'all.
I almost died in that mothafucka.
Shit. man.
Hey. man. I was gonna tell you somethin'
before we went up in the house. man.
What's that?
Oh. nigga. guess what?
Word got back about the little marks
who jacked you and Harold.
I know where they be kickin' it at.
Down with a 187?
Let's do this.
Do this for Harold. man.
Hey. man. You gettin' down. nigga.
Yo. yo. yo. Wax.
Check out Caine back there
with a forty. lookin' like a sucka.
- Fuck you.
- Why don't you get up in there?
Shit. Hey. hey. check this out.
Check this out.
Boom! Yep! Oh! Nigga. did y'all see that?
- Oh! Oh!
- Yeah! Woo!
- Boom! Boom!
- That nigga shot that boy
- straight up. boy.
- Y'all didn't know
I had that shit in me.
Fuck the Terminator. nigga.
Give it to me. nigga.
You jacked that Korean mothafucka!
Hell. yeah!
- Hey. you like that shit. man.
- You always tryin' to put on a show.
Yo. yo. Dog. Dog. Dog. Yo. Dog.
Let me get a dub of this mothafucka. man.
- This is bad. man.
- Aw. shit.
- Dub? Don't give that nigga shit.
- Fuck that.
- I'm sellin' these mothafuckas for 59.95.
- Get it out. man. Get it out.
I got money. nigga.
- What you had is mine.
- Shut up. Wax.
Aw. shit. This nigga's trippin'.
Caine. ready to put a hole
in a mothafucka?
Yep.
All right.
Whew. That's some shit.
- O-Dog love that mothafuckin' —
- Shut the fuck up.
Man. fuck. man. Shit.
- Hey. man. This is what the —
- Yo. man! What the fuck you doin'. man?
Put that mothafucka somewhere else.
You stupid!
Oh. scared like some bitches.
I seen lots of people
killed before.
but I ain't never done it myself.
I mean. I never had a reason to.
But when they killed my cousin.
I knew I was gonna kill them.
Hey. man. So you like my little tape.
don't you?
Yeah. that shit was cool. nigga.
- Yeah. nigga.
- Well. that's your problem.
You should've came to the Wax. boy.
He could've did it much better.
Aw. shit. nigga. Shit.
It's all about O-Dog. nigga. No.
I'm larger than that nigga Steven Seagal.
I'm gonna be a big-ass movie star
with that shit.
Look. nigga. I told you to stop showin'
the fuckin' tape.
Man. why you keep on bitchin'
about my tape. man?
Goddamn. Ain't shit gonna happen.
All right? All right? Damn.
And we just gonna find these little marks
and smoke 'em. Shit ain't that hard.
As long as it ain't no crowd.
Look. I'm not killin' no kids
or no old folks. all right?
Hey. man. who the fuck
gonna be old out there
at 12:00 at night. man?
Shit. nigga. I smoke anybody. nigga.
I just don't give a fuck. Shit.
Come on. hit this shit.
Look. all right. Not me. all right?
I'm not killin' no kids.
Hey. you know what. nigga?
You actin' like a little bitch right now.
You actin' real paranoid and shit.
Now. these mothafuckas smoked yo goddamn
cousin in front of you. nigga.
Blew his head off in front of yo face!
And you ain't gonna do shit?
You actin' like a little bitch right now.
nigga. Man. fuck that.
I ain't lettin' that shit ride.
We gonna go in
and smoke all these mothafuckas.
I don't care who the fuck out there.
Goddamn it. Is you down. nigga?
Man. both of y'all shut the fuck up!
Both of y'all actin' like
some mothafuckin' bitches.
Scared to peel these punk-ass niggas cap.
Man. give me my mothafuckin' joint. nigga.
Fuck you. nigga. Shit.
Hey. yo. Dee. Why don't you go ahead
and hook us up with one of them
mothafuckin' hot dogs or somethin'.
Why don't you get away from here
beggin'. you hungry-ass mothafucka.
Hey. doll.
Who the hell you sayin'. beggin'?
- You!
- Who do you think you are?
- Why don't you get a job?
- I ain't gonna beg you for no dogs.
Why don't you get us
one of these dogs?
I sell for my money.
- Stupid bitch.
- Hey. look.
Why don't you just go ahead
and hook us up. Dee? What you waitin' on?
Girl. you done hooked us up
50 million times.
- What you talkin' about?
- I'm tired of hookin' your sorry ass up.
Get a goddamn job. That's what you do
so you can pay for this shit.
I'll come in this mothafucka
and beat yo ass.
Why sweat this bitch? Take yo big-earring
ass and get us somethin' to eat.
Fuck you. nigga. Okay?
Fuck you. and fuck you. okay?
Y'all niggas hurry up. Go in there.
buck them niggas. and get the fuck out.
And don't be playin'. Dog. Caine.
you hear what I'm sayin'?
Kill them niggas and get the fuck back
so we can stab out.
I'm gonna be chillin' right here.
Hey. nigga. I wanna know
if you ready to do this shit?
Is you ready to do this shit.
or what. mothafucka?
And don't be actin' like no pussy
when we get the fuck out there.
Hey. Dee.
You want to go to my house?
My moms made a big-ass pot of chili there.
Let's rush some chili.
We don't need no mothafuckin' hot dog.
That's where y'all need to be.
in the goddamn house. You got a curfew.
Why don't you get us
some mothafuckin' work or somethin'.
stupid ass bitch!
Fuck you. nigga.
It's time for both y'all to go. okay?
- Let's go.
- Let's go to yo mom's house. nigga.
- We don't need this shit.
- That's what I'm sayin'.
Go home to your mammies. okay?
Yeah. nigga. break up.
Fool! Break up. mothafucka!
Bitch. shut the fuck up.
before we blast yo ass too!
Shut the fuck up.
Hey. homey. you need some help?
Punk-ass nigga. Come on. niggas.
I thought killin' those fools
would make me feel good.
But it really didn't make me
feel anything.
I just knew that I could kill somebody.
And if I had to. I could do it again.
- 'Sup. Caine. How you doin' today?
- 'Sup?
I'm all right.
That's good. I'm tired.
I'm in there studying.
- You want something to eat?
- No. I'm straight.
Okay. Have a seat.
Where's Anthony?
Um. he's in the back takin' a nap.
He should be up in a second. actually.
- Hey. can I use your bathroom?
- Mm-hmm. You know where it is.
Shit.
I got some money this time. man.
I got two dollars.
You ain't got no mothafuckin' money.
nigga. Where that mothafuckin' 20 at?
Nigga. come with the 20. nigga.
You owe me a dub from last week.
Oh. nigga. Much as I buy from you.
you gonna trip about that?
Come on. man. Here you go. man.
I got two dollars for you. man.
I know I'm a little short. but uh...
That's not mothafuckin' cool. nigga.
Come with 20. nigga.
- Come with 20.
- I ain't got nothin'.
- Come on. man.
- Give that nigga his money back.
Give me my two dollars back.
at least. man. Give me my two —
I'm gonna go buy a cheeseburger. man.
Let me go buy a burger. then.
- Caine?
- What's up?
Wanna play me at boxin'?
What you think?
I'll whoop your ass!
Anthony. what did I tell you
about your mouth?
What? Why you trippin'?
What do you mean. why am I trippin'?
Because he's five years old.
and he has no business talkin' like that.
Well. you gotta be hard
growin' up out here.
Caine. that has nothin' to do
with being hard. okay?
Because he gets that crap from you.
Dog. and that fool. Stacy.
Well. Pernell showed me what's up.
And? Is that somethin' to be proud of?
And speakin' of his father.
I got a letter from him today.
He asked about you.
- For real? What's he up to?
- Nothin'.
Liftin' and tryin' to read every book
in the library.
When I'm done in here
I'll get you your letter.
All right. Cool.
Look. I'm gonna be in the room
whoopin' your son's ass in this game.
I mean...
we're goin' to box and shit.
Uh. I mean. you know. a little somethin'.
Come on. Ant. Let's just... Come on.
I'm gonna beat your butt.
I'm outta here.
Go on somewhere! Damn!
Oh. look. man.
I made these cheeseburgers. man.
What's with
your mothafuckin' teeth?
Hey. man. that's from
all that cheese I been eatin'.
- Hey. you want one of these burgers?
- No. Get the fuck out of here. man.
- You stink.
- Oh. shit! One time!
Move. man! Move! Move!
Hold up.
Now. I'm gonna wear you out.
you little punk.
Let me see that.
The gun!
All right. Where'd I put that letter?
Is this it? Yep.
Now. see. you hold it like this.
and pull the trigger.
Pow. punk-ass.
Look. it ain't loaded!
What the hell are you doin'?
I don't want my son learnin'
to pull drive-bys.
Look. I was just showin' him how to shoot!
Yeah. Mama.
Anthony. get over here. Get over here!
Let me tell you something.
If I ever catch you with a gun in yo hand.
I will break your tail.
You got that?
Get outta here!
Get up and get out!
And how many times do I have to tell you
to stop givin' us money?
Look. don't give me that shit. okay?
'Cause I don't see nobody with no fuckin'
job around here. all right?
You know what? I don't need your money.
Look.
Pernell looked out for me. okay?
If it wasn't for him — no. listen!
No. listen.
If it wasn't for him.
my Black ass would be dead by now.
- I'm just payin' him back.
- You know what? Fuck Pernell!
'Cause you don't owe him shit!
All right? You need to be glad
that you graduated from high school.
And that you alive at 18.
And you need to do somethin' with yourself
before you end up like he did.
Look. I'm not gonna end up
like he did. all right?
Oh. really?
Yo. why you trippin'?
I mean. you act like you never was down.
What's up with that?
Caine. it's not even about bein' down.
All right?
I got a little son to look after.
And you know what's really sad?
Is that I look at you.
and you remind me
of how Pernell used to be.
Yeah. and?
Yeah. and what?
Look at you.
I gotta go. all right? Here.
Cool.
This is the good part.
Jeah?
What's up. nigga? What's poppin'?
What up? Ain't nothin'. Hold on.
- Who dat?
- Cocaine.
- Hey. nigga. where you at?
- What's up. man?
I been tryin' to page you all day.
Come on. man. I know. Who there?
Me. Wax. Lew-Loc.
and that mothafuckin' faggot-ass. Chauncy.
- So what's up. man?
- Yeah.
- We gonna roll or what?
- Oh. so you down to roll tonight?
- Oh. it's on.
- All right. bet.
Turn this shit off. man.
- Wake that fool up to answer the door.
- Yo. man. what's up?
Man. get yo bitch-ass up
and answer the door.
Fuck you. nigga.
Y'all a baby doll and shit.
'Cause I like little girls. man.
Where yo sister at?
Where yo mammy at. nigga?
Mothafucka.
Y'all niggas made somethin' to eat
and didn't make me shit. huh?
- You ain't shit.
- Fuck you.
- Yo! Who is it?
- Um. Nick.
- Yo. nigga. What up?
- Um. nothin'.
Why you come through this mothafucka
so early all the time. man?
- You said one o'clock.
- I don't give a fuck what I said. nigga.
I don't get out of bed 'fore 2:30.
Don't come through this mothafucka
so early next time. nigga.
Understood.
See what you got. This mothafucka here.
Black Nissan Maxima.
- Yeah.
- 1990.
It's gotta look exactly the same. okay?
- They don't —
- Yeah. cool. cool. cool.
- Yo. Wax?
- Jeah?
- Yo. nigga.
- What?
Let me get some links
with them grits. man.
Hurry up. I'm hungrier
than a mothafucka out here!
Go ahead. nigga.
It's got to be in excellent
running condition. too. all right?
Insurance company ain't gonna give you
no money for a car that doesn't run.
Can you hang with this?
Yeah. I'll hook you up. All right.
Be here tomorrow night.
'Bout. uh... 'Bout 10:30.
I'm sorry. did —
Are you sure you mean tomorrow night?
Do. do. do I stutter. mothafucka?
No. no problem.
Tomorrow night. That's fine.
- Did I stutter. mothafucka?
- No. you're right.
What. you scared to come through
this neighborhood at night. mothafucka?
- Huh?
- No. No problem.
You ain't too scared to have the Black man
steal for yo funky ass. is you?
- You're right.
- Man. get the fuck outta here.
- Okay. thanks. Thanks.
- Take off.
Don't bring yo narrow ass
over here no more.
Go on back into Westwood where you belong.
Hope you find your way down
Compton Avenue. mothafucka.
Man. get yo mothafuckin' heads
down. Tell me all that bullshit. nigga.
Be at the mothafuckin' crib
gettin' blunted and shit.
Wait. One more. one more. one more.
I'm sure the shit's down here somewhere.
Bingo.
- Jeah.
- That mothafucka right there?
- Yeah. that's it.
- Right there.
Oh. shit. Look at the mothafuckin' wheels.
Hell. yeah. That's it right there.
- Damn.
- Them rims is tight like a motha.
- Give me the Slim Jim.
- Hurry up. mothafucka.
Get the fuck out. Don't be trippin'.
I'll be outside.
Y'all niggas hurry up.
Caine. give me the mothafuckin' radio.
- Hey. man. are you watchin' out?
- Nigga. hurry the fuck up!
I know what the fuck I'm doin'.
You just watch out.
Nigga. you — Come on. man.
- Got it.
- You got it?
Yeah.
Damn. man. Come on! Get in!
Damn! Where the screwdriver at?
No. no. no. The screwdriver.
Shit. let's get the fuck up
outta here!
- Hold it right there!
- Freeze!
Let's go!
Okay. let him go.
Let's go.
All right. guys. Let's go!
Follow him down.
- Aw. shit!
- Hey. man. it's a dog.
Hey. get the fuck off!
- Get off me!
- Get the fuck off!
Come get y'all's dog off!
Come get this mothafuckin' dog!
Hey. get this dog off my homey here!
- Get off me!
- Hey. come get this dog!
Since it was my first offense.
well. actually. the first time I ever been
caught for anything.
the judge reduced my crime
from grand theft auto
to attempted joyriding.
They let O-Dog off with a warning
'cause he was still a minor.
My dad had been to jail before.
Pernell went to jail.
I mean. even O-Dog had been to youth camp.
But I didn't care what any of 'em said.
It was no place I could get used to.
Mothafucka. you don't know me. nigga.
Man. you got some money or not?
No. man. Come on. man.
- Just hook me up this time? Man.
- Nigga. you crazy? Hook you up?
Get the fuck outta here. man.
Check this out. I got these burgers. man.
- They some double cheeseburgers.
- Nigga. I just ate.
- Come on. Have 'em. man.
- I just ate. fool.
I don't want no mothafuckin' cheeseburger.
If you ain't got no money.
you just assed out.
Call this mothafucka.
Yo. Dog! Hurry up!
- Fuck. man.
- Come on. man. Wait!
Wait. wait. wait. man.
Man. man. I suck yo dick.
- Come on. man. Just hook me up.
- What the fuck you just say. nigga?
Man. I said I suck yo dick.
Come on. man. Just get me —
Man. fuck you.
Damn.
Suck on that. you bitch-ass trick.
O-Dog. what the fuck you doin'?
Yo. Dog! Hurry up!
Any of y'all want a hamburger?
What's wrong?
What. you don't want no hamburger?
I don't want no mothafuckin' hamburger.
- You crazy.
- Even if it got cheese on it?
- Man. you stupid. man.
- I got it from that basehead.
You stupid.
I didn't even have a record.
But when they fingerprinted me.
the cops matched my prints
to the ones from that bottle I dropped
in that liquor store
the night of the robbery.
Now. listen to me.
you little bitch.
I'm gonna ask you
some real simple questions.
and I want some real simple answers.
You understand?
Let me get this right.
You bought the bottle of beer about 11:15?
I bought the beer.
and I accidentally dropped it.
You bought the bottle of beer at 11:15.
At — Yeah. At 11:15. I — Yeah. 11:15.
Then. why wasn't the bottle cleaned up?
Why did we find it still... there.
spilled on the floor after the shoot?
When I was — After we was leaving.
after I left. um.
other people's was coming in
when we was leaving.
But you don't remember
what they —
What they looked like. I —
But you bought the bottle of beer
definitely at 12:15?
Yeah. it was 12:15. exact.
- If I'm not mistaken. That's when it was.
- Now. you see somethin'?
Now. you see. Now. you done fucked up.
You know that. don't you?
- I said —
- See what I'm sayin'?
- No. I thought —
- That's what. you know what I'm sayin'?
You done fucked up. now.
You know that. don't you?
The more questions that cop asked.
the more I thought I wasn't gonna
never see daylight again.
This time you said
you bought the bottle of beer...
I was just waiting for them
to tell me they seen that damn videotape.
but they hadn't.
- Yeah. I —
- You know you done fucked up. don't you?
- I...
- You know that. don't you?
You know you done fucked up?
Without the tape.
they had nothing.
- What's wrong with my brotha?
- Damn. boy.
He's sick as a dog. Look at him.
Yo. Caine. man. It's Stacy and Sharif.
You all right. man?
Hell. no. I ain't shit in a week.
Goddamn. In a week!
Come on. brotha. You wasn't there
long enough to catch the HIV.
Fuck you.
What you fools want. anyway?
You still want me to take you
to get this car. or what?
Yeah. hold on.
Come on. now. Get up off your knees.
prayin' to that porcelain god.
That white porcelain god.
Why don't you chill. Farrakhan?
Hey. man. you better not throw up
in my ride. man.
Ain't nobody gonna throw up in your ride.
♪ Yeah. motherfucker
Right back on your ass ♪
♪ I hid in the bushes
And I crept up through the grass ♪
♪ What you runnin' for. bitch
You fake Irish faggot ♪
♪ You got a big booty
Everlast let me tag it ♪
♪ 'Cause you look like a woman
But you try to clown ♪
♪ I kicked you in your ass
That's why you jump around ♪
♪ So don't try to fuck
With a Compton nigga... ♪
Say. homey. why don't you come
to Kansas with us?
What. nigga?
Hey. man. y'all need to stop
callin' each other nigga.
That's what y'all need to stop doin'.
Anyway.
Nigga. I said you should come up
to Kansas with us.
Nigga. what. you goin' deaf. mothafucka?
You goin' to Kansas with this fool?
Yeah. Caine. You should come too. man.
I mean. you're not doin' nothin' out here
but getting yourself in a lot of trouble.
I know your grandmother would be happy.
Shit. I ain't goin' no place.
I think Ronnie got a lock on this fool.
is what I think.
- Fool. you trippin'.
- Caine.
Wait.
You still pushin' up on Ronnie. man?
Man. hell no. Pernell would kick my ass.
Shit.
Nigga on life without parole.
I don't think so. You spend enough time up
in that mothafucka.
You should be tryin' to fuck.
I know I'd be tryin' to fuck.
What about you. 'Rif?
Yeah. uh-huh. whatever.
Here. put that in for me.
Nigga. you better go somewhere
with that Black power shit.
You know that shit gets no play
in this ride.
Man. I wish this mothafucka
would hurry up.
Oh. there that mothafucka go
right there. Shit.
Aw. so what's up. Y'all gonna kick it?
No. man. I gotta go scoop up
one of my kids.
All right. man.
Assalamu alaikum. my brother.
Hey. man. what the fuck is that. man?
- Get that shit out of my face.
- That's for Junior and shit. man.
Get yo ass in the front seat. man.
It just arrived. bro.
- Hey. you got the bread?
- Shut up.
- Is this shit legit?
- Hey. I told you. man.
My brother works at the DMV. man.
All the numbers are clean.
I had the dope ride.
but I was sittin' on some bullshit.
I needed some rims bad.
And I knew just how to get 'em.
And I sure in the hell
wasn't gonna pay for 'em.
All I had to do was catch some fool
slippin' and jack his ass.
♪ I guess I'll be another victim
Of the ghetto ♪
♪ Ain't no escapin'
'Cause I'm way too young ♪
♪ Pops is dealin'
And on top of that got moms sprung ♪
♪ Schemin' off the top
Pops never figured ♪
♪ That he'd go down
By the hands of another nigga ♪
♪ Now my pops is gone
And that ain't no good ♪
♪ Got to follow in the footsteps
Of my niggas from the hood ♪
♪ And where's the role model ♪
♪ Niggas putting brew
In my fuckin' baby bottle ♪
♪ Damn. and through all the stress
And the pain ♪
♪ They done drove my moms insane ♪
♪ So I guess I gotta do work
So I ain't finished ♪
♪ I grow up to be a motherfuckin' menace ♪
Turn that mothafuckin' shit down.
Shit. Nigga. what the fuck
you want from me?
Nigga. you know
what the fuck I want. nigga.
I want your mothafuckin' Daytons
and your mothafuckin' stereo.
And I'll take a double burger with cheese.
What?
Mothafucka. order my mothafuckin' food.
Hi. my I take your order. please?
Uh. let me have
a double burger. uh. some fries —
Mothafucka. I said with cheese. nigga!
Shit.
Hey. yo. uh. make that a double burger
with cheese.
See. you almost made me shoot
yo stupid ass over nothin'.
Hey. come on. man.
We supposed to be brothers.
Oh. what. you tryin' to get smart?
Nigga. are you tryin' to
kick some knowledge?
Fuck that. nigga.
Give me your mothafuckin' jewelry. nigga.
- Take that shit off.
- Shit.
Aw. man. you got a pager. too?
You're a baller. huh? You a baller?
Yo. give me this mothafuckin' shit.
Better me than
the mothafuckin' cops. nigga.
Yo. what's up?
Chillin'.
Yeah. I had to creep up
on some fool today.
Drive-through.
Tryin' to high sign and shit.
I had to get him.
Yeah. but a trip. Uh-huh.
A nigga straight don't show it.
Yeah. I need you to hook me up
with some shit.
♪ Yo. Dre ♪
♪ It was once said
By a man who couldn't quit ♪
♪ Dope man. please can I have
Another hit... ♪
How much you want. nigga?
- Oh. give me like 400.
- All right. give him 400. man.
- What up?
- What's up. Black.
Hey. how much y'all fools got back there?
Oh. enough. Got enough. You gotta make
this shit up yourself. though.
I'm gonna watch this mothafuckin' video.
- All right.
- 'Sup. nigga.
Chillin'.
Everything you need
up under the damn sink.
Clean up before you leave. man.
This better be 400.
Aw. don't come at me like that. partner.
♪ Rollin' six four
With the fresh ass Daytons ♪
♪ Living in Compton. California CA ♪
♪ His Uzi up yo ass
If he don't get paid ♪
♪ Nigga begging for credit
He's knocking out teeth ♪
♪ Clocking much dollars
On the 1st and 15th ♪
♪ Big wad of money
Nothing less than a twenty ♪
♪ Yo. you want a five-oh
The dope man's got plenty ♪
♪ To be a dope man
Boy. you must qualify ♪
♪ Don't get high off your own supply ♪
♪ From a key to a G
It's all about money ♪
♪ Ten piece for a ten base
Pipe comes free ♪
♪ And people out there
Not hip to the fact ♪
♪ If you see somebody get money... ♪
Workin' for minimum wage
was never my style.
I like big dollars.
I learned how to make drugs
when I was little.
Heroin. cocaine. all of it.
My dad taught me.
That was about the only thing he taught me
before he was killed.
♪ Computerized ♪
♪ Digital love ♪
♪ Oh. baby ♪
♪ Computerized ♪
♪ A beautiful new love ♪
♪ Computerized... ♪
You in my way.
What the hell are you doin'?
Hey. calm down. baby.
That's one of my natural reflexes.
Oh. so what? You like bein' in my way?
What you think?
Hey. they call me Caine.
- I'm Ilena.
- Ilena?
Mm-hmm.
Goddamn! Shit is gonna be good.
Damn. Real good.
- Hey. what up. baby?
- The Holy Koran says that if you —
Man. I don't want to hear
that shit right now. 'Rif.
How the fuck you gon' be talkin'
to the other bitch?
- Better watch your mothafuckin' mouth.
- Yo. Wax. Turn that mothafucka up. man.
Yo. yo. Stacy.
What up?
That that nigga Caine out there
tryin' to play Mack Daddy
in the parking lot?
Nigga. hell yeah. That's that nigga. man.
Tryin' to be me and shit.
Hey. yo. Caine. What's up. nigga?
Hey. what's up. nigga?
Man. leave that bitch alone.
Nigga. what's up?
- So I'm gon' call you. all right?
- Yeah.
You take care of that body.
Oh. man. Oh. What's up. meatloaf?
What's up. fool?
- What's up?
- What's up. man.
Fool think he hard now that
he a little convict and shit.
- Aw. He not. though.
- Hey. man. fuck you.
Hey. man. which one of you fools
put this picnic together. anyway?
Shit. I don't know. but a nigga like Stace
got to get his eat on and shit. man.
Hell jeah.
Lew-Loc over there bullshittin'
on the grill. man.
- What's up with that bullshit?
- All right. y'all. Beef's ready.
Hell yeah. man.
Yo. hold up. man. Don't be a fool.
Why you gotta be a fool. man.
Hold up. man.
Let's go. Calm down. Shit. Damn.
- I got this piece right here.
- Hey. chill. boy!
G and I'm out. nigga.
Man. why the fuck y'all let
this nigga win again?
- Hey. man. shit.
- Fuck you. nigga.
I won. and I'm out. So pay me.
Pay me in bud.
Hey. hey. Sharif. Hey. man.
is that yo pops over there. man?
- What?
- Yeah. that's him.
Hey. how's it going goin'. men?
You know. I smelled that barbecue.
Y'all know I ain't passin' up
on a barbecue.
- Oh. we heard that.
- Hell yeah.
- Pops wanna get his eat on.
- Let me sit down here.
Now. now. I know
there's some food left. right?
- Hey. hey. Kiesha!
- Huh?
- Kiesha!
- What. nigga?
- Bring Mr. Butler a plate.
- A nice sized plate. Kiesha.
Anyway. Pops. I'm glad you come.
'cause I was talkin' to my brothers here
about drugs and the community.
And I always seem to be outnumbered.
So you know. I just want to know
your opinion of it.
Well. as I see Kevin tryin'
to hide that reefer. you know...
It's okay to smoke it.
I used to smoke a little reefer myself
one time. when I was much younger.
Bet you ain't never smoked
the chronic. though.
I don't know nothin' 'bout the chronic.
They're not doin' nothin'
but destroyin' their minds.
Fallin' right into the devil's plan.
That's all they doin'.
What the hell is the devil's plan?
This is the devil's plan.
right there.
- That's the devil's plan.
- Hey. man. don't throw it on me!
- Hey. man. don't be doin' that.
- Throwin' my mothafuckin' joint.
Hey. 'Rif. man.
why you always trippin'. man?
- I know. Calm your boy down.
- I mean. you got a father. man.
And you got a grandmother
and a grandfather.
And I'm pretty sure they tell you
everything that my father tells me.
but you don't listen anyway.
so what's the difference?
No. no. man. Hold on.
Mr. Butler. man.
I'm just curious to know
what's up about that. you know?
Sharif be comin' at us every day!
You know what I mean —
- Straight up. man. Damn.
- Why does he act like this?
I mean. what are y'all
talkin' about at home?
Sharif's a good guy.
That girl a little slow
on that plate. ain't she?
- Hey. Kiesha!
- Hey. girl. hurry up!
- Shit.
- Bring the mothafuckin' plate!
Excuse my language.
Why do you think that's so funny?
Because it is. You know. I can see it now.
You're gonna go up there. and mess around.
and bring back one of your "devils"
to my house.
Wait. Wait. You know I'm not bringing
no devil to the house.
Oh. I see you checking out
them white girls.
You know how I feel about my Black women.
Why you gonna throw that on me?
I ought to take you outside
and knock you out. Right now.
Oh. ho. ho. hey. hey. hey.
I brought you in. I'll take you out.
Yeah. okay.
What's up. Caine?
It took you long enough. my brother.
- Anyway.
- Hey. Kaydee.
You know. so what's up. young buck?
- Man. I'm all right.
- Yeah?
- Hey. how's work?
- Well. you know.
white man always on your back.
but what else is new. huh?
Have a seat.
- What's up. man?
- What's up. man.
So what y'all talkin' about?
Not much. just chattin' and —
Yeah. we're talkin' about
this Kansas trip.
Kansas?
So what about Kansas?
So what are you gonna do. Kaydee?
You gonna fuck around out there
in the streets till you get killed?
Like your cousin. maybe?
What's that. sir?
Well. Sharif tells me him and Stacy
have been tryin' to get you
to leave with 'em.
Yeah. but...
I don't know about no Kansas.
Yeah. yeah. You know.
I hear you there. you know?
I was teasin' Sharif about that
before you came in.
But what are you gonna do if you stay?
You know. Sharif used to get into
all kinds of shit.
before he found the Nation.
Now. and I'm no Muslim.
But I agree with some of the things
they say regarding Black people.
And if Allah helps to make him
a better man than Jesus can.
then I'm all for it.
So what you tryin' to say. Mr. Butler?
Whatever changes you have to make...
then you just do it.
You gotta think about your life.
Being a Black man in America isn't easy.
The hunt is on...
and you're the prey.
All I'm sayin' is...
all I'm sayin' is...
survive.
All right?
Mr. Butler had me thinkin'.
'cause he was the only one who ever came
at me like he gave a damn.
Grandpops always kicked
that religion stuff.
and my dad never said anything.
Pernell showed me how to survive
on the streets.
but Mr. Butler was talkin' about
survivin' for good.
So how did it go between you
and that girl you met at the barbecue?
Are you talkin' about the baby
in the black shorts?
- Yeah.
- Yeah. I fucked her.
I did. fool.
Yeah. well. I hope you wore a hat.
'cause I know a couple of brothers
that done eased up in there.
Come on. now.
don't even play me like that.
You know I'm packin' the plastic.
Shit. I ain't going out
like Willy Lump-Lump.
Well. if you don't pack the plastic.
you definitely goin' out.
I don't know if it's like Willy Lump-Lump.
but whoever that is.
Who is Willy Lump-Lump?
Oh. a little inside thing.
It ain't nothin'. It ain't nothin'.
Growing up in the hood.
we were used to gettin' sweated
by the cops.
I mean. they would follow us in the car.
then turn away.
I mean. they'd stop us for no reason
and question us.
Especially with a car like mine.
A 5.0 and Daytons?
I knew we was in for it.
Put your hands on the hood
and spread your legs.
Hey. man. this mothafuckin' hood is hot.
Are your hands burning?
I thought all you boys liked barbecue.
Go get somebody's cat out of a tree.
- Shut up!
- You got a smart-ass mouth. You know that?
- Get on there!
- Start reading me my rights or something.
- Sit down and shut up!
- Why don't you just read me my rights?
I mean. my taxes are up to date. man.
I got registration.
- Well. that's enough. Come on.
- Read me my rights!
- Shut the fuck up.
- Just because I'm a Black man. that's why.
- 'Cause I'm a Black man.
- I got rights.
I'll beat your mothafuckin' ass.
- Listen. that's why —
- Shut the fuck up!
Get the fuck in the car.
Both of you guys. Come on!
Ah. shit! This thing hurts.
What the fuck you doin'?
Stop fucking moving!
- Stop! Y'all just racist!
- Ah. shit!
Shut the fuck up.
I told you to stop fucking moving.
Hey. get me the wire cutters. ese.
Fuck you. homes.
I ain't doin' this shit no more.
Hey. homes. so what are you gonna do?
Are you gonna go with me or what?
You take care of it. huh?
Hey. what's your fuckin' problem. man?
- All right. That's cool. homes.
- You take care of it. eh?
But don't forget. All right. homes?
Hey. check it out. homes.
What's up. man?
Where. homes?
Right over there.
Let's move on 'em. ese.
That night.
the cops let us have it.
They dropped us off
in the wrong hood where the eses stay.
I guess they was thinkin'
we would get our ass kicked even more.
The eses was cool. though.
They took us to the hospital.
You know you could read this yourself.
I know. but I like it when you read it.
Okay.
Mom. why'd the police beat up
Caine and Sharif?
Did they do somethin' bad?
No. I don't think they did.
Um... I think it was a big mistake.
You know? Just a big mistake.
Like the same kind of mistake
that happened to Daddy?
Oh.
No. what happened to Daddy
was somethin' different.
You know. with Caine...
Well. see.
you have a certain group of people
that don't like another group of people
for whatever reasons.
And the police didn't like
Caine and Sharif very much.
My friend Michael says the police
hate Black people.
No. no. no. That's not true.
That's not true at all. Some of us —
Mom. is Caine gonna die?
No.
Caine's not gonna die.
Caine's gonna be just fine.
Okay? So don't worry about it.
He'll be fine.
You look so mean.
Why don't you smile for a change.
I ain't got shit to smile about.
You alive. ain't you?
Yeah. and who says that's good?
Well. guess what? I got a job.
- For real?
- Yep. sure did.
My aunt hooked it up for me.
Makin' decent money. too.
It's about 24 a year.
What the fuck you gonna be doin'?
I'm gonna be doin' office stuff.
Thank you very much.
You know. filin'. typin'.
- answerin' the phone. gettin' coffee.
- Hey. that's cool. That's cool.
Stuff like... like that.
Caine.
The job is in Atlanta.
Caine!
Did you hear me?
I said the job is in Atlanta.
Hey. take it. I mean. you might as well
get the hell away from here.
Well... to be honest...
you know what I was hopin'?
I was hopin' that maybe
you would come with me.
Came with you?
Yeah. I mean.
you ain't doin' jack-shit here.
And the way that I see it.
you'll be dead. or you'll be in jail.
I mean. I don't know.
I don't see it as such a bad idea.
Why you so worried about me?
Why shouldn't I be?
Think about leaving. Caine.
I got to thinking about
all the things I done on the streets.
And all the things I probably
would end up doing if I stay.
I mean. being on the streets was cool.
but I cared about Ronnie.
And well. Anthony.
He reminded me of me when I was little.
And I didn't want him to grow up
and go through what I've been through.
It was all so crazy.
I mean. things was starting
to look different to me.
It was the end of the summer.
Ronnie had a little goin' away party.
She and Anthony were gettin' ready
to move to Atlanta.
And Stacy and Sharif were gettin' ready
to leave for Kansas.
Why you drinkin' up all the beer?
Go ahead on with that.
Uh. could you please save some beer
for somebody else?
Oh. who. like Caine?
'Cause when that mothafucka
come over here —
See. Caine. That's the key word. nigga.
You ain't Caine.
Stop drinkin' up all the beer!
You're all on his nut sack.
- Hey y'all.
- 'Sup?
I'm gon' go ahead and get in this game.
take some of y'all money.
Man. why don't you go
take yo butt over there
and try to talk to a girl for a change.
Why don't you go and wash yo feet.
stinkin' ass.
Kiss my ass. mothafucka.
You got one. mothafucka. Hey.
Look. like I was sayin'.
how can we say that we equal
to the white man
when we gotta go to them for jobs?
Oh. cut that bullshit.
Hey. get up. Get up.
- You're in my seat.
- Kevin.
- I was talkin' to the young lady.
- She don't want to hear that shit.
Like I was sayin'. we're not equal...
...until we have the same amount
- of jobs they do.
- Who is it?
Five-O. nigga. Five-O.
I'm sellin' encyclopedias. mothafucka.
Oh. y'all bought jokes.
What up? What up? What up?
It's the Wax in the house!
- Hey.
- And the hood rat's in the house.
Hood rats? Don't start that hood rat shit.
You know ain't nobody
no mothafuckin' hood rat.
Don't let me break on yo ass.
Hey. where's Ronnie's fine ass at
in this mothafucka?
- You can break somethin' on me.
- Yo. baby!
- Yo. yo. yo. what up?
- What up? What up? What up?
Man. give me a shot.
Stacy. how many times I gotta tell you.
don't smoke that crap in the house
when Anthony's home?
- Goddamn. Ronnie. what you talkin' about?
- You know what the fuck I'm talkin' about.
Go take that shit outside.
- You take it now. please. Now!
- Y'all want to go outside with me. man?
Hey. little man.
What you doin'?
Just playin' games.
You know. if you need anything.
I'm right in the next room.
I'm thirsty. Can I have some beer?
Beer? No. You may have some juice.
Beer.
Hey. this for the homeys who ain't here.
My mothafuckin' cousin. Harold.
Hey. 'Rif. why don't you go ahead
and get a little hit of this?
- Ah!
- Sorry. Kevin.
Aw. man. You a little punk. man.
Y'all what's up?
Boy. you better get yo butt back
in that house
before yo mama come out here
and try to kill us all.
- Hey. Ant. what you doin' out here?
- Just kickin' it.
Yo. let me have a drink.
- No way. I don't wanna see you —
- Hey. no. man. No.
Aw. man. give the little nigga
somethin' to drink.
What's wrong with you. Kevin?
Don't be givin' this little kid no liquor.
- You ain't his daddy.
- You're not either. Kevin.
Anthony. what are you doin' out here?
You know better.
Come on. Let's make it. Get in the house.
And. uh. Caine.
can I speak to you for a second?
It's about to rain out here.
Pussy-whipped.
She got that nigga some panties. man.
Take your juice and go to your room.
Go on. boy.
What up. baby? What up? What up?
What up? What up? How you doin'?
- I'm fine.
- Come here. come here. come here.
- Why?
- Let me hold you and shit.
Chauncy. Chill out. nigga.
Aw. nigga. I'm just jokin'. man.
You know you my nigga. Caine.
- All right. buddy.
- Yo. Ronnie.
I'm gonna catch you later. though.
Caine. me and you. baby.
Cock-blockin' mothafucka.
Why haven't I heard from you?
I been busy.
Well. have you at least thought about
what we talked about?
Yeah. about leavin' with you?
Yeah. I thought about it.
Why are you trippin'?
You ain't doin' jack-shit here.
Caine. why don't you just come with me?
Ain't nothin' gonna change in Atlanta.
I mean. I'm still gonna be Black.
Just another nigga from the ghetto.
Why do you say stupid shit like that?
Because it's true.
I mean. you act like Atlanta
ain't in America.
They don't give a fuck.
You know what?
You know what Anthony asked me
the other night?
He asked me if you were gonna die.
If you were gonna die. Caine.
Are you gonna come with us or not?
Yeah. I'm gonna go.
Hey. Hey. uh. that's not cool. all right?
♪ There's somethin' in your eyes. baby ♪
♪ It's telling me you want me. baby ♪
♪ Tonight is your night ♪
♪ See. you don't have to ask for nothin' ♪
♪ I'll give you everything you need ♪
♪ So girl. don't be shy ♪
♪ Oh. just ♪
♪ Baby. come inside ♪
♪ Oh. turn down the lights ♪
♪ 'Cause there is something
That I want from you right now ♪
♪ Give me that honey love ♪
♪ I gotta have your lovin'. baby ♪
Chauncy. I don't understand
why you didn't call me.
Let me guess. man.
You was up in there knockin' it out. huh?
- Get out of my business. Stace.
- Hell.
Me and A-Wax and Caine
went to the Laker game last night. man.
Why you sweatin' me?
All night. mothafucka. Hold up.
- Come here. girl.
- Just stop it.
- I'm just fuckin' with you.
- Okay. That's nice.
- Come here.
- What. what?
- I wanna talk to you.
- About what?
Let me get this dance.
- No dancing tonight. You're drunk.
- Come on. Ronnie.
- Why don't you go sit down.
- I been checking you out for a long time.
That mothafucka Caine
be standing in our way.
Can you sit down?
You're drunk. No dancing.
What's up with that fool. Chauncy.
man? He trippin'.
- Just a fuckin' kiss. Goddamn it.
- You're crazy. Chauncy. Stop it.
- Why you playin' me like this?
- Dog. you strapped?
You know it!
- Give me your gun.
- What for?
- Give me the mothafuckin' gun.
- What you gonna do. Caine?
- Get off of me.
- Man. what you need a gun for?
Stop it! I don't give a fuck
what you asked me. Get off!
- Hey. hey.
- Why you trippin'?
Man. come on!
Get the fuck off her!
You crazy mothafucka!
Caine. stop it!
It's not that serious!
Will you stop it! You're gonna kill him!
Get off of him! Get off of him!
Stop it!
Fuck that nigga. man!
I'm gonna kill that mothafucka!
Get in your room. Get in your room!
Hey. man!
What the fuck!
Man. fuck that nigga. man!
That perverted mothafucka!
Fuck that nigga!
Yeah?
It's me.
Ilena? 'Sup?
Caine. I'm pregnant.
What?
I'm pregnant.
Well. what the fuck you tellin' me for?
What? What. so you just gon' dog me?
It ain't mine.
Look. you the only one I was with.
Stop lying. all right?
Besides. I had the jimmy on extra tight.
That don't mean nothin'. Caine.
That means it's not mine.
Caine. so what?
You're man enough to take a life.
You ain't man enough to take care of one?
Look. I ain't got time for this.
all right?
Peace.
Damn. man. Hey. man.
this mothafucka on this team here
whoopin' this boy ass.
Man. I'm tellin' you. man.
this is a good-ass fight. man.
This is like Caine beatin' yo ass
the other night. man.
Yeah. nigga?
- Oh. man.
- I bet you Caine won't be laughin'
after the five-O get a hold
of this mothafuckin' tape.
You can bet that shit. nigga.
Be even. man. Look. man.
If this was Caine whoopin' yo ass
on this TV —
Hey. nigga. fuck Caine. nigga!
Mothafuckin' Caine. nigga.
Don't talk to me about no goddamn Caine.
Man. fuck you. nigga.
That look like yo ugly ass —
Pudgy-ass mothafucka.
If this was you on TV.
you got yo ass whooped.
I don't give a fuck
what you talkin' about.
How you doin'?
I'm fine. and you?
Livin'.
The baby?
He's fine.
Let me talk to Caine.
Ronnie?
I love you.
It's been a long time. Caine.
How you doin'. man?
How come you ain't never come to see me?
Man. I didn't want to see you
caged in like some fuckin' animal.
Is that what you think?
I'm an animal?
No. man.
When I was growin' up...
you was like my dad. man.
Your letters...
in the beginning...
it got me through. young bro.
Away from my girl.
away from my baby. away from you.
Go with Ronnie. Caine.
Aw. man. that ain't even... I'm...
I know how she feels about you.
and that's cool.
She's a good girl. man. You know?
I just want her to be happy.
You take care of my son.
I can't do shit for him in here.
You teach him better
than I taught you. man.
Teach him the way we grew up was bullshit.
All right?
Give me some.
Hey. nigga. give up the car. right now!
Look at yo ass. Scared straight.
Nigga. I was just trippin' with you.
Hey. man. I ain't got time
for this shit no more. all right?
What's wrong? Why you actin' like
a little ho? Come here.
Where you just comin' from. C?
I went to the pen to see Pernell. man.
Oh. for real?
That nigga get mad at you or what?
No. he... he all right.
Oh. cool. nigga.
That boy out there in the —
Hey. which one of y'all's Caine?
Who is this fool. man?
Who wanna know?
A friend. homey.
Oh. homey. hey. I don't think you know me.
Hey. check this out.
I'm Ilena's cousin. partner.
She don't like the way
you been doggin' her. and I don't either.
What. we... we supposed
to fight over a bitch?
I think you need to watch
who you callin' a bitch. partner.
Yeah. and I think you better watch
who the fuck you —
- Oh. shit. There they go.
- Oh. hey. scrap that fool.
Rush him. nigga. Rush him!
Hell yeah. stomp again!
- Fuckin' nigga.
- Ooh.
Tryin' to start all that shit. nigga?
I ain't no punk. nigga.
- Ooh.
- Kaydee!
- Caine! Caine! Chill!
Get yo ass in the house!
Fucking mothafucka!
Proverbs 22:10.
"Cast out the scorner
and the contention shall go out.
yea. strife and reproach shall cease."
So what you tryin' to say. Grandpa?
Son. you got to go.
I don't want you to remain in our house
another night.
What y'all — What y'all want me to do?
I want you out of here tonight.
We're sorry. Caine.
Y'all not too sorry.
I mean. y'all kickin' me out.
I've done all I can do for you.
We tried our best to raise you.
But you're bad.
I wasn't gonna tell y'all till later.
But in a couple of weeks.
I'm gonna be movin'
to Atlanta with Ronnie.
I mean. can I just stay until then?
I hope you're not gonna mess up
that girl's life. Caine.
- Grandma. I'm not gonna —
- Caine!
Now. I sincerely hope
you get your life together.
Lord knows. I do.
But I cannot have you in my home
one more night.
Grandma?
Fine.
The same day I was leavin'.
O-Dog had told me that the cops
was lookin' for us
over that liquor store robbery.
He didn't care. though.
He just hid out with different homeys
each night.
Doc dropped a dime on Chauncy's punk ass.
O-Dog was gonna kill him
if he didn't get caught by the cops first.
Man. I ain't gon' nowhere. man.
Man. you gonna be a silly mothafucka
if you leave with this broad. man.
Straight up. I ain't bullshittin'.
Man. which one you gonna take?
Here you take it.
Goddamn!
Shit. Ronnie.
Just you and Ant movin' or you takin'
the whole fuckin' house with you?
Can you just take the box
to the car?
Thank you.
- What's this for?
- So you can take it to the car.
I don't know why y'all want me
to help y'all move.
I ain't the one leavin'.
Sell out mothafucka.
What seems to be your problem?
I was just thinkin' about...
sayin' goodbye to my grandparents.
You haven't talked to them yet?
Well. if you want to.
we can stop by there before we go.
But can you take some of these bags
to the car. please?
You keep bossin' me around.
I ain't goin' nowhere.
You ain't goin' where?
Hey. coz. you better come on.
Look. I just don't want you to go out
and do something crazy.
Don't worry about shit.
I'm gonna handle this nigga for you.
- Just —
- Yo. I got to handle my business.
Stupid ass. Quit lookin' off.
Nigga. just get in the car.
Yo. what's up. homeys?
Hey. let's go twist this nigga's
cap back. man.
Let's go. Let's do this!
- Man. you —
- Come on. Dog.
Man. would you brothers stop arguing?
I ain't gettin' paid
for this shit.
Nobody's gettin' paid. Kevin.
This nigga got a gang of shit
in here. Shit.
- Kevin. stop arguin'.
- Shit. man. He always bitchin'.
What's all that shit in here for?
Yo. man. fuck that.
Y'all niggas ready?
- Shoot every mothafucka out there.
- We gon' break this nigga off
somethin' real proper-like.
Vroom. vroom. vroom. vroom.
vroom. vroom. vroom. vroom! Bam!
I just bought you a new Big Wheel.
You still gonna hit me. right?
Just gonna crash into me. huh?
Mothafuckas.
Caine! Caine!
Thought you was gonna help out.
my brother.
You lazy. L-A-Z-Y. Lazy.
Vroom. vroom. vroom. vroom.
vroom. vroom. vroom!
You lazy. You know that. right?
I want some money for this. Caine.
For real.
Yo. what's up now. partner?
- Get down. Ronnie! Get down!
- Anthony!
Damn. Sharif.
What the fuck happened. man?
Get off me! I gotta get Anthony! Get off!
Wait! Oh. shit.
O-Dog.
get some fuckin' help. nigga.
Oh. my God. Caine.
- Come on.
- Get Anthony. Get him outta here.
Go get some fuckin' help. nigga. Shit!
What's wrong with this nigga. man?
Get some fuckin' help!
Not my niggas.
No. no. You'll be all right. man.
You'll be all right.
Get some fuckin' help! Shit!
Get the fuck outta here!
Not my nigga...
Ah. shit. Okay. Come on. You're okay...
I'm with you now. Come on. Come on.
Fight. Fight. Come on.
No. You're just fuckin' me up here. Caine.
Come on. baby.
After stompin' Ilena's cousin like that.
I knew I was gonna have to deal
with that fool someday.
But damn. I never thought
he'd come back like this.
Blastin'.
Like I said. it was funny like that
in the hood. sometimes.
I mean. you never knew
what was gonna happen.
Or when.
I had done too much to turn back.
And I'd done too much to go on.
I guess. in the end.
it all catches up with you.
My grandpa asked me one time.
if I care whether I live or die.
Yeah. I do.
Now. it's too late.
♪ Wake your punk ass up for the '93 shot ♪
♪ MC Eiht's in the motherfuckin' house ♪
♪ Jeah ♪
♪ And it ain't nothin'
But a Compton thang. y'all ♪
♪ And we ain't nothin'
But niggas on the run ♪
♪ And this goes out to my niggas ♪
♪ Jeah. a fucked-up childhood
Is why the way I am ♪
♪ It's got me in the state
Where I don't give a damn. hmm ♪
♪ Somebody help me
But nah. they don't hear me though ♪
♪ I guess I'll be another victim
Of the ghetto ♪
♪ Ain't no escapin'
'Cause I'm way too young ♪
♪ Pops is dealin'
And on top of that got moms sprung ♪
♪ Schemin' off the top
Pops never figured ♪
♪ That he'd go down
By the hands of another nigga ♪
♪ Now my pops is gone
And that ain't no good ♪
♪ Got to follow in the footsteps
Of the homeys from the hood ♪
♪ And where's the role model? ♪
♪ Niggas putting brew
In my fuckin' baby bottle ♪
♪ Damn. and through all
the mothafuckin' pain ♪
♪ They done drove my moms insane ♪
♪ So I guess I gotta do work
So I ain't finished ♪
♪ I grow up to be a straight up menace
Jeah ♪
♪ Uh. come on. y'all ♪
♪ Straight up menace ♪
♪ Now I'm of age
And livin' in the projects ♪
♪ Gettin' paid off the crooks
And the county checks ♪
♪ I'm Fil-ia fresh outta high school
Never did I wonder ♪
♪ That the mothafuckin' hood
Would take me under ♪
♪ Jeah. I'm kickin' it with the homeys
And they got the straps ♪
♪ Off to the corner store
Owned by the fuckin' Japs ♪
♪ See a bitch in the right lane
So I come with the mack ♪
♪ Astro van pulls a mothafuckin'
Jack from the back ♪
♪ Now he's got the strap
To my homey's head ♪
♪ See him play that shit cool
And don't be a fool ♪
♪ He shot my nigga in the fuckin' head ♪
♪ I caught one in the shoulder
If I didn't run. I was dead ♪
♪ Now I'm layin' in the hospital bed ♪
♪ Thinkin' about them punk mothafuckers
And my eyes is bloodshot red ♪
♪ Jeah. mothafuckers. I ain't finished ♪
♪ Be on the lookout
For the straight up menace. jeah ♪
♪ Uh. what's up. y'all ♪
♪ Straight up menace ♪
♪ Damn ♪
♪ Really. really ♪
♪ Straight up menace ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ I'm in too deep ♪
♪ I done killed a mothafucker
And I just can't sleep ♪
♪ One-Time's trying to do a smooth creep ♪
♪ And on top of that ♪
♪ Niggas after me
For fuckin' one of they hood rats ♪
♪ I ain't got time
For the fuckin' bitch's story ♪
♪ Niggas want me
Gotta come to my territory ♪
♪ And ain't no "You can get the fist" ♪
♪ Niggas come
And they get done on they own risk ♪
♪ What is it all about? ♪
♪ Should I leave or should I stay
'Cause I don't want to punk out ♪
♪ Oh. what should I do?
The homeys say ♪
♪ "The hood's where it's good
Homeboy. I thought you knew" ♪
♪ So in the process
To show the hood my best ♪
♪ No time to react
Caught two in the chest ♪
♪ Now look who's down
I guess I'm finished ♪
♪ I go out like
A straight up menace. jeah ♪
♪ Uh. come on. y'all ♪
♪ Straight up menace ♪
♪ Damn ♪
♪ And on and on ♪
♪ I guess we outta here ♪
♪ Peace to my niggas on the run ♪
♪ And it ain't nothin'
But straight up menaces. damn ♪
♪ Just like I said before y'all ♪
♪ It ain't nothin' but a Compton thang ♪
♪ And MC Eiht's in the house
For the '93 shot ♪
♪ And this one's for the niggas. jeah ♪
♪ Now that you know how I feel
About you. girl ♪
♪ What you gonna do. baby ♪
♪ You drive me crazy ♪
♪ There's no such thing as maybe
You're my lady ♪
♪ Yes. you are ♪
♪ There's never been another ♪
♪ To do what you do
When you do to me. girl ♪
♪ If I had one wish. girl ♪
♪ It would be for you and I ♪
♪ To fly away on our love today ♪
♪ Fly away on the love today ♪
♪ Come and fly away ♪
- ♪ It's real funny though ♪
- ♪ You know it. you know it ♪
♪ You thought you was gettin' me
All the while you was bein' eyed ♪
♪ You know it. you know it
You know that you've been played ♪
♪ It's goin' down now ♪
♪ Get out of my face ♪
♪ You've been played
And I think you know it ♪
♪ You're too large
To even try to show it ♪
♪ But I used you
I used you as a stepping stone ♪
♪ And when I was through
I sent your sorry butt home ♪